the drongo is the kalahari is greatest
trickster
and these are his victims a family of
meerkats desert specialists after
warming up in the Morning Sun the
meerkats begin their search for
breakfast the drongo can now begin his
tricks but he must first win the
confidence of his victims
we spot an eagle on the hunt and sounds
a warning one that sends the meerkats
gratefully scurrying to safety
danger over and now he has their trust
he found another one this time it's a
fox
thank you very much
meerkats fell for it
this all seems too easy
and he tries the same trick again but
the mishaps are stupid they'll only fall
for it once the juicy scorpion won't be
for him then sub was the sound of a
centers warming no meerkat can ignore
that centers never lie
but the center sees no danger
guess who
of course it's the drum girl he's
learned to mimic the meerkats own
warning call and now he can enjoy his
prize a gang of meerkats outsmarted by a
bird
you